>> Kyle Simpson: The next library I
wanna talk about is called Ramda, and
this is definitely where
my recommendation would be.
If you don't already have a library
that you've been working with and
you're looking for
a place to start, I would unreservedly
recommend starting with Ramda.
It is definitely one of the most popular
of the functional libraries out there.
And I understand that when I call
out 2 libraries there are like 400
others where people are saying,
why didn't you pick my favorite one?
There's nothing wrong with any of
those 400 functional libraries.
If they behave by the functional rules,
then they're great and
whichever one you pick is fine.
But I just wanna give you
some places to start.
There are large communities,
they're mature,
there's lots of documentation,
these things have been around a long time.
And importantly, they've been highly
optimized, because they're in use by so
many places.
So there's benefits to using
the big players if you will,
at least starting with those.
So I would say start with Ramda, unless
you've already worked with Lodash and
then lodash/fp.
This is ramdajs.com,
that's where you can link to.
They have a REPL, it's an online thing
where you can play around with their code,
and then all of the documentation.
So they got a really great
set of resources for you.
>> Kyle Simpson: Same example as I
showed on the previous screen, but
now it's using Ramda.
So know we see R.,
instead of fp., from Lodash.
We see R.reduce, and then we see R.curryN,
R.compose, R.inc, and so forth.
There's a little quirky difference
between lodash/fp and Ramda.
And you'll find these sorts of things
the more you look at these libraries.
Ramda provides us a function called inc,
for doing increment.
lodash doesn't provide us one, but
it did provide us a curried add,
which is why we did add of 1 to
make our increment function, okay?
So there will be those sorts of
tweaks that you have to do as you're
adapting from one library to another.
Definitely play around with these and
check through the documentation,
try it on some of your code, to get
a feeling for the different ebbs and
flows that are provided to you.